Command: clear
  Resets the music library to an empty state.

Command: exit
  Exits the program.

Command: export [filename]
  Exports the music library to the provided file.
  If no filename is present, musicdatabase.txt is used.

Command: help
  Displays this help output.

Command: load [filename]
  Appends the file contents into the music library.
  This command either adds to an empty or existing library.
  If no filename is present, musicdatabase.txt is used.

Command: search album|artist|song term [,additional terms]
  Search for a set of albums in the library. The query 
  will begin with album, artist, or song to note what
  should be searched. This will be followed by a separated
  list of search terms. The additional search terms are
  optional and may start with a + or a - to modidfy the 
  searching. Search is not case sensitive.

  Default Behavior: Union of Results
  When no modifier is present, the resultant set of albums
  is the union of the resultant sets for the search terms.
  This will create a set of albums where any of the search
  terms are present.

  + Modifier Present: Intersection of Results
  The + modifier indicates a set intersection between the
  current result and the result from using the search term
  with the modifier. Creating a result where all albums
  must contain the modified search term.

  - Modifier Present: Difference of Results
  The - modifier indicates a set difference between the
  current result and the result from using the search term
  with the modifier. Creating a result where all albums do
  not contain the modified search term.

  Example Uses
  search album Abbey
    --- creates a resultant album name set that includes all
        albums that contain 'Abbey' in the album name.
  search album Abbey Road
    --- creates a resultant album name set that includes all
        albums that contain 'Abbey' or 'Road' in the album
        name.
  search song Hello +Sunshine
    --- creates a resultant album name set that includes all
        albums that contain 'Hello' and 'Sunshine' in a song
        name.
  search artist Taylor -Swift
    --- creates a resultant album name set that includes all
        albums that contain 'Taylor' in any of the artists'
        names but excludes all albums that contain 
        'Swift' in any of the artists' names.

Command: stats [-d]
  Displays the totals for the loaded music library. The
  total albums, number of unique artists, and number of 
  songs (song duplicates may exist). Adding the -d option
  will dump the entire music library to the console.
